
I've lost something. I know there's a past, and I know that I lived in it, and that I gave it up to live only in the present.

A mirror. I am a mirror. The camera has come back to me. Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello!

Once upon a time I was an interesting fellow. Now I don't read or write without a bed of jello.

God bless you. Have a good day, and come back again.

Prepare yourself. It's worst than what you think.

Well, let's go where my problem is: there are things about the mind you can't describe. The mind can be blank,
and still be going. That's the trouble.

I frankly don't know much about the dates.

What one would do to have a good memory? It's funny I can't think what that would mean, to have a good memory.

I killed him. He ran across the street when I run to get to me and he got run over. For a while I remembered the
face of the man in the truck who killed him.I could see him looking away, like a movie that I had gone to.
It's stamped on my brain, that's what it is. My father immediately made it his business to blame me for his death,
and wanted me to be punished for not being eh... good. I had a eh... terrible debt, that I could not face,
that I could not live with.

Why do you like music so much? That I can't explain.

You are rich you beggar. You've got a clean page to start with.

In the mouse trap of my mind, I found a few dead ones buried. So I dug deep, and hauled them out, one by one.
Sure the stink was awful, but now, what about tomorrow?

I think of my mind as a thing to play with.

... an idea ... something I think of, something I hear, something I make of feel.

Pieces of inspiration. An expression of time. If you know the sound, you know the words. If you know the word, you know
what you can play. Look at it in that way.

What you are doing is like writing a poem, you are changing what people are thinking to something you want them to think.

Oh yes, getting to know these trees has meant a great deal for me. At first you see, the eh.... what you call them on the trees?
...the leaves, is very still, and yet in the stillness there's movement. A moving painting.

The leaves look the same when you first look at them but, when you look at them for a while you see they are different. They change,
without your wanting them to change, so that they have some kind of witting that you have to believe in. The changing of the leaves.
Something moves all the time. Its a hard thing to get to know.

I think I see something of the past in the leaves, the memory of a past in the leaves.

Once I was great and beautiful now i'm small and a little boy. You know me now, you get to know me again.

I was the center of some kind of game, that I was playing with life and people, right?

The word memory brings a feeling of time and place. So much depends on memory. It tells you what the important things were in your life.

The past is not what happened. Is what you remember happened.

Everyone has their own picture, and that's what memory is, a picture of your life.

What is memory but some kind of way of saying i'm alive.

We are sitting in this room and I can't tell you why I was born. I don't understand where I came from.

I love her cheeks. And I know who I am when I look at them.

Little boy I like you. Take me for a ride in your story.

Keep going. Make up memories and songs and tell them to your grandchildren. And they'll tell about it to their children. Once upon a past, and so on ...

Am I afraid of time? ...no. Time is my friend.

Time now to me is what I do when I sit in the chair. I'm willing to sit in a chair the rest of my life. That's what i'm doing.

I like the way the sky changes. It twists from one sky to another.

One can forget everything.

Takes me time to put together what you told me and the thing itself.

So much is gain and so much is lost.

Some say "yes", some say "no".

What was, was. What happened, happened.

Remember how to forget. No more.

I'm here and that is all. Goodbye, goodnight, go to sleep.
